https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Tribunals type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Taluka type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#District_Court type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Munsif_Court type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Group type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Solicitor type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#NonLegal_Participants type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#State type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Jurisdiction type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Others type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Place type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Review_Jurisdiction type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Judicial_Magistrate_Court(First_Class) type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Metropolitan_Magistrate_Courts type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Larger_Bench type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Evidence type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Petition type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Documents type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Writ_Jurisdiction type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Courts_for_Criminal type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Principal_Junior_Civil_Court type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Sub_Court type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Tribunal_Bench type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Order type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#City_Civil_Courts type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Session_Court type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Courts type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Bench type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Witness type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Courts_of_Smaller_Causes type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Individual type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Judicial_Magistrate_Court(Second_Class) type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Respondent type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Court_Judgements type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Apex_Court type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#FIR type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#High_Court type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Author type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Location type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Division_Bench type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Court_Decision type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Government type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Appeal type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Special_Bench type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Civil type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Case type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Advisory_Jurisdiction type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Accussed type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Precedent_Case type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Organization type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Acts type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Courts_for_Civil type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Country type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Metropolitian_Courts type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Original_Jurisdiction type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Judge type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#District type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Plaintiff type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Case_Type type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Appellant_Jurisdiction type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Investigator type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#District_Courts type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Single_Judge type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Appellant type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Participants type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Petitioner type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Legal_Participants type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Judgement type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Criminal type Class
https://w3id.org/def/NyOnLegalOntology#Chief_Meterpolitan_Court type Class
